Doc for modifying a module (#386)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: docs/contributing-to-analyses/analysis-modules/modifying-a-module.md

# Modifying an existing module

> When modifying or adding to an existing module, it's important to document all changes you make.
> 
> !!! note
>     When you file an issue to track your work modifying an analysis module, you will use the [`Update an analysis` issue template](../../communications-tools/github-issues/issue-templates.md#update-an-analysis).
> 
> Please make sure to make the following updates when you work with an existing module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are modifying a module that already exists, then you will first need to file an issue using the [`Update an analysis` issue template](../../communications-tools/github-issues/issue-templates.md#update-an-analysis). 
Then you can create a new branch and commit any code changes. 

Be sure that any new code changes are accompanied by updates to documentation. 
You will also want to capture any new software dependencies. 

The following changes should be included in any PR's that modify existing modules: 
```
I felt like the first sentence was repetitive and only focused on documentation when that's not the only thing captured here. Also not sure this is the right place for the note? I think that's a first step before doing any of this so I moved it around.

Author: > Also not sure this is the right place for the note? 

I too was not sure fwiw!

# Modifying an existing module

If you are modifying a module that already exists, then you will first need to file an issue using the [`Update an analysis` issue template](../../communications-tools/github-issues/issue-templates.md#update-an-analysis).

> Then you can create a new branch and commit any code changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can create a new branch and commit any code changes before filing a PR. 
```

Be sure that you add documentation for any code changes that you make, as well as any new software dependencies your changes require.
The following changes should be included in any PRs that modify existing modules:

- Fully document your changes [in the module's `README.md` file](./documenting-analysis.md).
This includes all of:
    - Changes to the behavior of any existing script or notebooks you modify
    - New scripts or notebooks you add to the module
    - Changes to which input data the module consumes
    - Changes to any output files (e.g., results or plots) the module generates
    - Changes to the module's [compute requirements](../determining-requirements/determining-compute-requirements.md)
    - Changes to instructions for setting up the module's run environment and/or running the module
- Make sure any new dependencies have been added to the module's [software environment](../determining-requirements/determining-software-requirements.md).
- Either update or add `README.md` files to any new sub-folders you add to the module.

>     - For example, if you added a new script to the `scripts` directory, be sure to add a `scripts/README.md` that describes the usage of the new script.

Reviewer: They should probably also update any existing results on S3 if they are changed?

Author: good call!
